 Hey guys. I hope you guys are having an amazing day. It is currently Friday. The markets have finally closed. You don't have to stress anymore. You can take a break for the weekend and just unwind, relax, and get some motivation in your life. Go outside, touch some grass, touch some ass, um don't go to class, don't spaz, don't listen to trash, cuz most of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in this industry is ass. Like them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are not better than me. Let me chill. Let me chill. Let me chill. So, today we have a $4.5 million withdrawal. If we can go ahead and get that lock in, we have a $4.5 million withdrawal. It is processing now and hitting the bank account. Well, it's really hitting the BTC, then the bank account. But, we're on some chill [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] today. Today, I'm going to teach you guys about trends. A lot of people say that my videos are pretty long. So, I made this one short and sweet. We're going to break down everything when it comes to trends because that is where market structure starts. Well, trends is market structure. And this is going to be your bread and butter. So, with this being said, this is going to be officially day one of this new course that I'm creating for you guys on YouTube. Once again, it's for free. You don't have to pay me for it. But, this one's going to be short and sweet. The last one we didn't finish because, honestly, there's only so much that I can tell you when it comes to market structure and price action. So, really, I didn't even have 60 days for you. You only need like 15 days to really like tea up. So, this one, I'm going to kind of break down a little bit more, but I'm going to break it in smaller pieces so that way you don't get lost because some videos I explain a bunch of things in one video, and kind of you got to like keep going back. So, this time, I'm just going to break everything into smaller pieces, and hopefully you enjoy it, and I hope you get profitable, become profitable, get rich, start flexing on these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz cuz you you're better than them. You're better than them. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what anybody says, bro. You're better than them. All right. Have a good day. Make sure you like, comment, and subscribe. I love you guys. All right. So, today we're going to talk about trends. Uh a lot of people say that my videos are long. So, we're going to crash course this, and we're going to make it fast as possible, but also easy to understand. So, pay attention. First and foremost, there's only two directions that price can go, uptrend and downtrend. So, as we see here, uptrend, downtrend. Right? Can I spell? All right, cool. Uptrend, downtrend. Now, what is an uptrend? What is a downtrend? If you're brand new, an uptrend is when price is going up, and then a downtrend is when price is going down. Pretty self-explanatory, right? Now, why is this going to help you? How is this going to help you? Well, an uptrend and a downtrend is market structure. All this is market structure. Now, why do you need to know what market structure is? Market structure is basically going to be your cheat code to pretty much all your trades. Sorry I spelled structure wrong, but it's cool. This is going to be your cheat code to all your trades. Why is it a cheat code? Because market structure does not break Hold on. Does not break fast on the higher time frame. Now, as you're trading with me, as you're learning from me, I will always tell you to use the higher time frame. What is the higher time frame? 1-hour time frame. 1-hour time frame, 4-hour time frame, and 1 day. As you can see up here, I have the daily, 4-hour, and 1-hour. I honestly don't even need all these. This was just for fun. Boom. These are the only things you need, 1-hour, 4-hour, daily time frame. These are your higher time frames. So, get used to using those. Now, what do I mean that it does not break fast on the higher time frame? Cool. I got you. So, an uptrend is basically when price is making higher highs and higher lows. So, we have a higher high and a higher low. Basically, you can initial this HL, and then you can initial the top one as HH. So, what does this look like on the chart? This is what it would look like. Price will make a high, price will make a high, make a low. But, you can't say it's a higher low yet until you get something out of it, which is going to be very, very crucial. So, make sure that you know this. You don't have a higher high or a higher low if you don't have anything to compare it to yet. So, that means if price is sitting inside of a range, which we'll break down later on in the course, if price is sitting in a range, there is no higher high or higher low, and there's no lower low or lower high, which we will break down for the downtrend. So, you can't say that there is a higher high or any type of movement at all if price is stuck in a range. So, in order to have a higher high, you need to see price above it. You need to see a price above it to consider that this is a higher high. Vice versa with the higher low part. Now, why is this very important? Because we're going to use this for our entry cuts criteria. This is how we're going to get into our trades. But first, I need you to start identifying higher highs and higher lows. So, here we go. Here's our high right here. So, this is our high. Pretty self-explanatory. We're going to We can put H. This is our H. And then we have a Right? Our higher high. This is our L. And then we have an L. Uh HL. Sorry. So, this is very important because your entries will come from HLs when you're buying. So, let's just go ahead and change this. So, buying. Let's just type buy. Buy trades. Now, vice versa. So, on a downtrend, we'll have a lower high, lower low. This will be initial LH. LL. Right? So, in a downtrend, we would have this right here. Now, you can already look at this and tell me what is the LL. Go ahead and mark everything out for yourself. Pause it. Mark it. Quiz yourself. What is everything? All right. So, this is a low. This is a L. This is a high. So, this is a H. Now, you see that this yellow line breaks the L. So, this makes this an LL. And then price pulls up, but it doesn't come come higher than our previous H. So, then we put LH cuz it's lower than the previous H. Now, with all this being said, this is what you need to know. This is all going to be very, very important. Now, when I say does not break fast on the higher time frame, this is the standard. This right here is the standard. This is all you need, but people are going to gatekeep it from you and charge you a a million dollars to learn this, but I'mma show you later down the line, course I mean course video by course video, that this works 100%. I wouldn't even say 100%. I would say it works if you put in the method. But, later down the line, I'm going to show you that this works time time again. So, also with sales, entries will come from lower highs. Right? Now, doesn't this doesn't break higher on the higher time frame fast because these are the standards, and this is basically the rule. So, if price price makes a a HL, it's going to make a Price makes a HH, it's going to make a HL. Vice versa. If price makes a a LH, it's going to make a So, I'm just typing this all out for you. Cool. Now, write all this down because this is very important. This is the main rule here. I want you guys to really focus on this. This right here, really focus on this cuz this is going to be the bread and butter. This is how you're going to make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. If price makes an HL, it's going to make an HH. Price makes an HH, it's going to make an HL. If price makes a HH I mean LH, it's going to make an LL. Price makes an LL, it's going to make an LH. With all this being said, the higher the time frame, the stronger this rule becomes. The smaller the time frame, the more they do not respect this rule. Now, I can show you on the live charts what that looks like. So, make sure you copy all this down. Pause the video if you need to. Screenshot it. Copy all this down. All right. So, go ahead and remove these drawings and we're going to put back up the chart. So, I want you to look at this. I want you to look at this chart. Matter of fact, let's go to this time frame. The 1-hour time frame. All right. So, as we see in this 1-hour time frame, we can see even over here, we can just do here and show you. As you can see, price is pulling up and we had a high. So, this is our H. As we have our H, we also ended up making our L. Now, what makes these H's and L's? As you can see here, price was going up for a bit. Green candle, green candle, green candle, and then there was a whole shift right here that ended up causing red candles right after that. So, this would be considered our high. This is the highest point before price started to sell. Now, as you see that, price ends up coming down, gets to this level and starts to buy super strong. So, this will be our low. Right? So, now we have our H and our L. Like I said, if you don't get one of these first, you can't consider anything to be a higher high or a higher low, a lower high or a lower low. So, you need both of these. This is your first mission. Whenever you're getting onto the charts, you should look first for where is your high, where is your low. Normally, you can work off of this from here. So, like here, I would mark this up. This would be my high and I would be waiting for my low to be built, but I can't take any trades until price breaks out of one of the other. But, we'll get more into that later on down the course. But, for right now, I need you to figure out what is your H, what is your L. Go and mark up all your H's and L's in your chart. If you need to, you can click indicator, go to session or go to pivot point high and low, click this and it will give you all your highs and lows for you. Now, sometimes you might have to crank this down to five. So, here and go here and it will mark every single high and low that it finds. So, you can go here. Boom. And it will mark out all your highs and all your lows that you need to find. Sometimes the indicators can be a little eh, but if you go ahead and train your eye for these, you'll end up seeing that these are also lows, too. I don't know why it didn't mark these as lows, but it just didn't. It's an indicator for you. So, go ahead and turn this off. We have our H and we have our L. With this being said, price ends up pushing up, creating this whole bullish movement before price rejects heavy and starts heading back down. What would this make? An LH. Why is this an LH? Because it is lower than the previous one. So, lower than the previous high. It didn't want to go any higher, so it started to sell. Now, as you see it sells, we end up making a what? Lower low. So, really, even with this lower high, you can determine that price is going on a downtrend because what did I say earlier? When price price is respecting that rule. So, if price makes a lower high, it's looking to make a lower low. Price making a lower high. So, if price makes a lower low, it's looking to make a lower high. And vice versa, and that is what a trend is. One thing keeps repeating each other. So, it's like a pattern. It's happening over and over and over and over again. So, this is happening one time, two times, three times, four times, five times, six times. Every time it makes a lower high, what does it do right after? Sell off. So, that will be basically how to identify the trend, how to look for a trend, and what to do with this trend, we're going to talk about later on. But, I need you guys to get this down pat. High, low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low. We can take this, put this here. Lower low. Lower high, Let me get that back. Lower low. Right? And this is a downtrend. Vice versa, when it's an uptrend, it will be the same thing. Right? This I I really can't stress it enough. You really need to know this first. Because your entries are going to come from this lower high, but it's going to be a little bit more complex, which I'll explain later. But, you really need to understand what this trend is and I really need you to understand that the higher time frame structure is always going to be the strongest. 