 All right, so currently it is 2:00 in the morning. It's literally freshly 2:00 in the morning, almost 3:00. We're coming in London session, but I don't really care about all that. So, currently right now I am looking at BTC. It is looking like it's getting ready to start buying up. As you can see, price has made a new high in the market. This new high ended up going on a full correction. As you can see, there are lower highs, lower highs, lower highs, right? And then, as we're making those lower highs, we're also making new lows. Price ended up getting to this level. Once it got to this level, we ended up seeing a full-blown high being made. So, now we have a high which is above these. This is a new high. Price makes a higher low, and now we're looking for price to continue higher above here, which is going to be bullish because it's coming off of this higher low momentum. I'm actually a little bit late because I seen over here too as well. As you can see, when we had price selling off over here, we also had that same structure change, pull down, make a higher low compared to this one, and then build up from here too as well. So, we've seen that structure can proceed to be bullish above here. So, I'm actually using that same high to see this as well. So, as you can see here, we got this movement here, and then we also have uh this movement here above uh this high right here. Right? So, since we're above that high, I'm going to try to play that same movement again cuz we are back above here again. So, I'm just going to try to play that same movement again and see how that plays out. But, I have that in my um confluences. I have two higher lows or a low, a higher low in my confluence, and a break above 7,000 or 71,300 would definitely show that hey, price is bullish. It's breaking above a swing high. We can take off to the new high. And this new high is also a confluence for me as well. So, everything is looking good for gold or not gold, this is BTC. I'm so used to trading gold, but you can see this is BTC on the 4-hour time frame. But, everything is looking good. So, I'm going to see how everything plays out. But, as you can see, look at that. Look at the bullish structure. It looks so calm. Like, I'm not even going to lie to you. It looks so calm. But, as you can see, we've already entered the trade. I think we're in a little bit of drawdown. We're in 19K of drawdown. All right, guys. So, I'll be giving you guys my breakdown behind BTC buys and why I'm thinking BTC buys. First and foremost, I want you guys to understand that I look at highs and lows pretty instantly as soon as I hop on a chart. It's something that I've been doing for the past 4 or 5 years now. So, um I've just built the habit of just already seeing it once I get on the chart. But, the first thing I notice on these charts is that there are a lot of higher lows. There is a lot of higher lows being built. And there's obviously stuff here, too. But, the ones that pointed out to me were definitely here. And I just kind of took advantage to see if I can dig deeper into it. So, as we see here, price ended up coming down to this lowest point right here. Lowest point right here, and then this highest point was created right here. So, whenever price makes a low, it's got to make a high. Now, depending on what type of high this is, it could be a higher high or it could be a lower high. But, remember that. Whenever price makes a low, so whenever price makes a low, is going to make a high. So, whenever price makes a high going to make a low. Right? So, whenever price makes a low, it's going to make a high. Whenever price makes a high, it's going to make a low. Now, depending on what the trend is trying to do will also depend on what type of high, what type of low cuz you know we have a higher high and then we have a lower high. So, this will be lower high. And then we also have a higher low and then a lower low. So, there's four different types of No, wait. There's two different types. So, a higher high or a lower high or a higher low, lower low. Now, mind you, going back to topic one or course one, remember higher highs, so HH, and HLs only happen in uptrends, right? And LLs and LH only happen in downtrends. So, this is all downtrend and then this one is downtrend as well. let's go ahead and or up uptrend, sorry. My apologies. So, uptrend as well. So, uptrend, downtrend, right? So, with this being said, I want you guys to like literally just take uh these simple steps and use it for any time you mark up your charts, right? For any time you mark up your charts. So, if we have a high or if we have a low here, this is a swing low. Price swings high. Let's just not even focus. You don't see none of this over here. You don't see anything over here. You just see this, right? You just see this. You already got a low. Okay, that's a low. It makes a high. All right, cool. Now, we just have a high and a low. That's okay with us, right? High, low. Price comes down. It doesn't go lower than this one. So, now what do we have? A HL, higher low. Bing, bing, bing, bing. This is already equaling equaling to the uptrend. Now, we just need a high. Right? So, boom. Price comes up. This is a high, but it's lower than this one. So, now we have a lower high. So, now you know what we can't do? We can't trade yet. Okay. We don't have any setup yet. We have the higher low, but it didn't fill. But, then it makes another higher low. Bing, bing, bing. So, right here higher low. Means it's picking up. Still, remember we don't have anything telling us price is going to be bullish yet. But, we do have these higher lows building up. So, as you can see, price ends up breaking above this level, breaking above this level, making a new high. So, this was our lower high. Now, price has a new high. This can actually be mitigated. We don't even have to worry about this anymore. If we want to, we can, right? If we want to, we can cuz it's kind of almost the same level, but right here, price came up into these highs right here. But, we have a new high right here. High. Higher low. So, now we have another higher low, another H, and we can see that price is building all that bullish structure. Right? So, there's there's different ways that you can look at it. You can look at this as the uptrend. So, we have the indication, correction, and then the continuation later on targeting these highs up here, and then targeting these highs over here. You could do it like that. Or how I did it was I seen that since we're already over here, I obviously wasn't in none of this. So, this is all hindsight. But, if I was looking at this, I would have definitely checked this out as an indication. Price ended up making a new high, going on a correction, and anything back above this gray area, I would have been looking to buy price because that's what price did before. Right? So, indications are very important because they tell you exactly where price is trying to go without you having to do too much work on, you know, doing all that brain work cuz people try to use psychological numbers, people try to use, you know, Fibonacci's and stuff like that, but you don't need to do that. Price is going to tell you exactly where it's going to go. So, this indication is showing you that from 60 69,000 it's going to go to 73,000. So, your answer is already done. Where do I enter? You always entering, so whenever you're trading, your Let's just put it this way. The indication I'm not going to type all that out. The indication level is where your entry is going to be. Right? Your indication level is always where your entry is going to be. Right? That's exactly where your entry is going to be. Sometimes you could be a little bit late, but your indication level is always going to be your entry level. Right? So, your entry level is going to be this right here. Matter of fact, let me use something different. Let's just use this. Uh let's see. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Let's just use this right here. This blue line is the indication level. Anything above this blue line is going to be bullish. Right? So, every time price is above this blue line, we're looking for it to go bullish all the way into this line. So, we're looking for price to come all the way up to here. This is our indication. Price corrects. Once it corrects, it comes back above here, creates a high, makes a higher low, makes Now, listen to me here. Makes a lower high here, fails to go lower, makes a higher low, and then pushes up. That's okay. That's fine. Right? That's fine. That's why we always And I'mma show you guys later on. That's why when it comes to trading ICC, it's hard to get faked out because you need that second push around to give you that confidence, to give you that momentum. So, even here, you should have had more confidence. Let's say if you took the buy trade, you should have had confidence that price just made a new high, pulled back, regained itself. So, this is price coming up, coming up high, making that higher low, and regaining itself. This is all regaining. Now, it would have been a different story if price came here, made this lower high, made this lower high, and then broke to the downside. That would have been a different story. But, price didn't do that. It remained the same, stayed the uh stayed and kept composure above this blue area, and went back up, and targeted this level right here. Right? So, also, another indication, when or another thing when it comes to indications, indications are normally going to be the start and finish of a trend. Now, what do I mean by this? Or I wouldn't even say finish. It would be more of like a continuing thing. Uh I wasn't number one in the spelling bee, but uh it's more of a continuing thing, right? And basically, what I mean by this is for your trend to keep going, you need another indication. Right? So, for the trend to keep going, we need another indication in this point. So, we had our indication one, our correction, and then price pushed up, finished it out, but it made a new indication. So, this is the whole thing about trends. It's going to constantly make the repeat. It's going to be I C And it's going back to I C, right? And it's just a rinse and repeat, which is why it really works a lot for swing traders cuz it's just a rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat. So with this being said, you get a indication here. Price corrects. So, we already have our answer once price is back above this blue line. Now, let me show you a little bit when you dig a little bit deeper, right? So, we can go to the 1-hour time frame here. Since price is coming back above this blue level, this is actually when I just saw price not too long ago. Uh it was like earlier today. Let's see. It was like right around this time when I seen price doing its thing and I got into a trade for a buy. And the reason why I did so is as you can see on that 4-hour time frame, price was correcting. But, I started to notice that price was picking up on the 1-hour time frame. And how I told you guys in the last video I'm going to teach you guys when it comes to time frames, you got to make sure everything is aligning with each other. So, 4-hour time frame, if we go to the 4-hour we can see that price has a new high in the market. Price went on a correction. So, when I seen price, this already happened. So, prior to that, I've already seen price break above these lower highs. So, these lower highs were broken. This is an indication for the 4-hour. So, all I did was go from 4-hour to 1-hour just to get a little bit more information of what was going on. Get a little bit more information of what's going on and I can see where I was trying to buy price. Price was coming back above that level. Right? Price on the 1-hour time frame was coming back above a level where I knew sellers were pushing price down. Here. Uh we have a small sell-off here. We have a sell-off over here. Price was pushing back above that level right in in my head I'm thinking like, "Okay, if price is bullish on the 1-hour, bullish on the 4-hour, this is a great opportunity to take a buy." So, now we got a good push up earlier. Created a new high. This created a new high in the market. This can also be looked at a new indication. A pullback and now price is looking to continue to go higher. And it's just literally a rinse and repeat. If we go to the 4-hour, you see the same thing where price has a high, higher low, higher high, looking to make a higher high. And that's the way that I'm thinking about it. So, remember ICC All ICC is, and you can write all this down if you need. All ICC is, we have the indication, which is a new high or low. We have the correction, which is a pullback, but this is a or lower high. And then we have the continuation. Right? And this is finishing with a Let's just say new higher high or lower low. Right? This is all ICC is. Indication is when price makes something new. The correction is when price is making a pullback. It's making a higher low or a lower high. A continuation is finishing out what it started. So, if price made a high, boom, indication right here. Breaking, indication. Correction, higher low. Boom, back above here, we enter. We're taking it so it can either make come to this high or make a new high. And then the trend continues. Right? So, that is what an indication is. The people that needs help on indications, I think this is probably by far my most broken down way that I've explained it. But currently right now on gold, we are looking for price to right now price is kind of doing its thing. We had a good day. There was a new high in the market um earlier this morning. So, I'm pretty happy about that cuz that means that price is still looking to push higher and higher. We had a small correction. Some people think this was selling off. Weird they would think that. Um I think everything's okay until price breaks below like these levels. So, if you look on the 4-hour time frame, if you look on the 4-hour time frame, we're literally sitting like this. High, higher low, high. So, price can play all in this area as it wants as long as it doesn't break below here. 